Moon Power of Love:
The Nightmare Ends.
Mamo! Please! You
have to wake up!
It's useless. You can
call his name as many
times as you like,
but until the mirror
shard in his eye is
removed, he will
never awaken from his
slumber.
No!
Not even I have the
power to undo the
curse.
[crying]
[gasping]
[chuckling]
Come now.. You didn't
actually think the
two of you made it
this far on your own,
did you?
[grunting]
You are the final
pawns I will use to
make the Princess of
the White Moon
suffer.
[gasping]
[screaming]
Mamo! Wake up!
Come on, Mamo!
You've gotta
remember Usagi!
The two of you have
always shared the
same dreams!
Mamo! Please!
Small Lady's future
is about to change.
Chibi Moon.
[chuckling]
We've got trouble.
The people, they're--
What happened,
Father?
The humans.. most
likely the ones who
were mesmerized by
the energy from the
mirrors.. are now
trapped inside of them!
[gasping]
Nehalennia's
curse.. is probably
behind it all!
Oh no!
Will the Sailor
Guardians make it in
time?
They can do it. We
have to believe!
Yes, of course...
[yelping]
[grunting]
Please, Mamo! You
have to wake up!
You must despise me
for this. But even if
you were to go as far
as kill me, the curse
would still remain.
Those who are
captives in my
nightmare will
never awaken!
[chuckling]
Ah, what a
wonderful feeling!
[gasping]
[struggling]
Hmph.
Mamo... help me!
If you don't wake
up, I'll--I'll
disappear.
You have to wake up!
[shivering]
[gasping]
[grunting]
Mamo?
Chibi Moon! Keep
calling out to him!
[gasping]
Ah!
Silence.. Wall!
Mamo?
Answer me, please!
How horrible...
I will take away
everything the
Princess cherishes:
The man she loves,
her friends, even the
Earth itself.
She will know the
vengeance of one who
was thrust into darkness.
You're a depraved
woman obsessed with
nightmares...
[breathing weakly]
You leave me no
choice.
Mm?
I will eliminate you,
the root of this
evil, and put an end
to everything.
In the name of Sailor
Saturn, I will unleash
the Power of Destruction.
[laughing] What inane
chatter. Do you
really think I can't
see through your
ruse?
That power is a
double-edged sword;
If you use it, your
body will be
destroyed as well.
[chuckling]
You expect me to
believe you'd
actually do that?
Yes... for it is
my mission.
[gasping]
Wait... you really
intend to die along
with me?! Where's the
meaning in that? Your
death would serve no
purpose!
That's not true. I
have faith...
In what?
The Princess. She is
our beacon of hope. I
cannot allow that
light to be
extinguished from
this world.
Those eyes again!
I despise that look!
Stop it! Don't look
at me like that!
[grunting]
Usagi is someone each
of us loves with all
our hearts!
Nelhalennia, haven't you
ever had a friend like
that before?
Silence!
[bracing grunt]
Princess, please
protect the future. And
Chibi-Usa along with it.
Silence Glaive..
Surprise!
[gasping]
[falling]
[trembling]
Don't do it...
Chibi Moon?
Don't use that power,
Saturn... or you'll
die.
But...
You were the one that
told me to have faith
in the Prince and
Princess. Remember
that?
We are gonna be fine.
The two of them
aren't gonna let
this defeat them.
So please...
Chibi Moon, no!
[chuckling]
[screaming]
It seems I
underestimated
you, girl.
I should have sealed
you away inside a
mirror from the
beginning, like I did
the others.
[chuckling] My
revenge on the
Princess can now
begin in full swing.
Enjoy your time in
your prison of glass.
[screaming]
[chuckling]
[laughing]
I've given you all a
front row seat to
watch as I dispose of
your pathetic Princess.
[chuckling]
[giggling]
Nehalennia.
Mm.
[struggling]
Welcome, Princess of
the White Moon. I
have to commend you
for actually making
it to my palace.
But I'm afraid you're
too late.
[struggling]
Too late?
[chuckling]
Every single person
who has fallen under
my curse is now a
captive of my
nightmare.
[gasping]
Very soon, the sun
will rise, after
that, they will never
be able to awaken.
Chibi-Usa!
Usagi.
[panting]
Chibi-Usa... why did
you come here?
Because...
Hang on!
I'm sorry. I couldn't
rescue Mamo like I
wanted to.
Chibi-Usa!
Don't you.. worry
about me. I have
faith in you, Usagi.
You're so warm.
It feels nice.
Chibi-Usa... Don't
leave me!
[gasping and crying]
Nooo! You can't
go! You can't.
[sobbing]
[trembling]
How tragic. To think
that your daughter,
the symbol of your
love, is no more.
Mourn for her. Grieve
for her.
Your nightmare will
never end... for all
eternity.
[crying]
What did Chibi-Usa
ever to do you?
She didn't deserve
any of this!
Look at those eyes!
Do you despise me?
Why don't you take a
look behind you?
Your anger is only
sure to grow.
[grunting]
[gasping]
No.
That's right, every
one of your friends
who tried to save you
has fallen into my
hands. You're
completely alone now.
Why did you do such a
horrible thing?
In order to exact my
revenge on you. So
that you could
experience the same
loneliness I felt.
Tell me... is this
excruciating?
After all, in every
one of your
lifetimes: past,
present, and even
future, you grew up
happy, always
surrounded by loved
ones.
Before I acquired
that mirror, I was
all alone.
[chanting]
My lovely Queen,
Nehalennia!
It didn't matter
how much people
worshipped me.
[chanting]
My lovely Queen,
Nehalennia!
I had no one with
whom I could share my
joy or my sadness.
For so long, I had to
endure that
loneliness. But
then.. finally! The
mirror saved me from
that horrible feeling!
The mirror promised
to give me eternal
beauty, beyond my
wildest dreams!
I didn't need
friends or loved
ones. I was the only
friend I needed. I
was the only one I
loved. For all
eternity, the one
person I knew I could
trust- in whom I
could confide my
feelings - was me!
For the first time, I
was freed from
loneliness. I had
defeated it!
That is why I needed
to remain beautiful
forever. So I would
never have to
experience those
feelings ever again.
In the same way
that you needed
your friends,
I needed the
Dream Mirror.
But then, that
wretched Queen of the
White Moon sealed me
away in that cold,
abysmal darkness!
Do you know how it
felt to be alone
again without my
precious mirror?! Do
you have any idea?!
[screaming]
A girl like you could
never understand!!
[grunting]
Ahh!
Uhhh!
[screaming]
[grunting]
At long last, my
revenge will be
complete.
[stirring]
How I've waited for
the day my fury would
finally reach its mark.
[breathing weakly]
[grunting]
I'll see that your
death is a painful
one.
[choking]
[gasping]
[crying softly]
Don't. Don't look
at me with pity.
Stop it!
[choking]
Curse you! I told
you not to look at me
like that!
[grunting]
Stop it! Stop it!
[screaming]
[gasping for air]
[struggling]
Why do you continue
to look at me with
sympathy in your
eyes? You should hate
me! Go on! I know you
want to!
No. If it had been
me.. I couldn't live
all alone like that.
Bearing all of that
loneliness the way
you did.. I could
never do that.
Don't talk like you
know anything about
it!
You have no idea what
such loneliness feels
like!
You're probably
right. But you must
know that doing all
of this isn't gonna
make you feel any
better!
What's that?
If you want revenge,
then go ahead and
take it all out on me.
Just please leave
everyone else out of
it, I beg you.
It's alright. They
all know now the pain
you went through.
They will accept you.
All of them would be
your friend.
Go... do what needs
to be done.
You're serious.
If that's really your
wish, then--
[gasping]
[gasping for air]
Absurd! How was he
able to break free of
my curse?!
[gasping]
What's happening?
Chibi-Usa, Mamo,
Everyone, I--
We already know.
There's still time
to make things right.
It's not dawn yet.
Mm.
If we put all our
powers together, I
know...
I know we can help
her.
What is this?
You! Curse you
all!
[screaming]
[grunting]
[panicked breaking]
Don't be afraid.
You're not alone
anymore.
Anyone's heart
would grow cold if
they were alone.
Please, open
your heart.
There's still time to
atone for your
mistakes.
Be brave.
Believe in yourself.
And have faith in all
of us.
Believe in my Mommy,
in Usagi...
Do you feel it? Do
you feel everyone's
hearts?
All of this energy
that we've brought
together, is for
you, Nehalennia!
Think back! Try to
remember your biggest
dream as a child.
My biggest dream
as a child?
[exhaling]
It feels so warm.
That's right.. the
thing I dreamed of
was having friends.
People whom I could
talk to, whether I
was happy or sad.
Is it.. really
possible to start
over?
[stirring]
Did I... fall
asleep?
Yes, but just for a
moment.
You must have been
tired. Why don't you
rest in your room?
Okay.
Um, would... would
someone be able to
sing me a lullaby?
Well, of course, my
lady.
[smiling]
It's finally over. Or
rather, for her, it's
a brand new
beginning.
That's right.
I sure hope she finds
happiness.
Me too.
By the way,
Jupiter.
What is it?
This is yours.
My earring.
Thanks, Mako.
Looks like they made
it just in time.
As dreams fade away
into morning,
a brand new day
can begin for
all of us.
That's right.
[sinister laughing]
(squealing)
It's that popular
idol group, the Three
Lights! Usagi, let's
go take a closer
look!
Minako, we don't have
time for that. A new
enemy has appeared.
What? Already?!
Wait a minute, but
that's a Sailor
Guardian! And those
other three
mysterious
shadows, are they
Sailor Guardians,
too?!
What is going on
here?!
Next time on Sailor
Stars, Farewells
and Encounters: The
Transitioning Stars
of Destiny.
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.